carefree bird in the street got cold and
the wind blew out
autumn came going for a walk
musti put on his coat and hat oh cold
leaves circling fall to the ground
interestingly thought bunny who is there this
august
hello little bridge what's new
especial i just thought maybe you
you want to walk with me wait
just a minute I'll just take the carrot now
come back when the sun for a while
peeking out from behind the clouds
let the rabbit rejoice at it
warm little ray see rabbit birds
flew south south where it legs
warmer climes
because we will soon come winter and
migratory birds do not bring cold under
snow they could not find food and I
I love snow and my hole is already full of carrots
and turnips
enough for the whole winter right some
animals keep stock for the winter
squirrels gather acorns
hedgehogs
looking for apples
and the turtle sleeps all winter in a secluded
corner of aha and birds means flies look
pebbles and it's probably lost by spending
bird you lost that but you
stayed here all alone why didn't you
flew away to warm lands like other birds i
I understand, but winter will come soon
you know about it and what about him
it is snowing under snow not finding food of the field
stand empty
there are no berries in the trees
no yoga are you right from hunger and thirst
because the water will freeze and turn
in ice is cold and hard as a stone
it won't be able to break with a beak awful
I think it's refreshing and where will you be
sleep for you yours but ice and
with snow and at night you will tremble from
cold freezing
is it true yes birdie
it always happens in winter in that case I
I will not stay in the hot edges
other birds see you bye till
of spring
we really helped the birds really suit
before the rabbit is for sure
but